The President: Happy
Fourth of July, everybody.
Like many of you, Michelle,
Sasha, Malia, and I are
going to spend the day
outdoors grilling burgers,
hot dogs, watching the
fireworks with our family
and friends.
It's also Malia's birthday
which always makes the
Fourth extra fun for us.
As always, we've invited
some very special guests to
our backyard barbeque,
several hundred members of
our military and
their families.
On this most American of
holidays, we remember that
all who serve here at home
and overseas represent what
today's all about, and we
remember that their families
serve, too.
We are so grateful for
their service and for
their sacrifice.
We remember as well that
this is the day when 239
years ago, our founding
patriots declared our
independence, proclaiming
that all of us are created
equal, endowed by our
creator with certain
unalienable rights,
including the rights to
life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness.
A couple of centuries later,
we've made ourselves into a
big, bold, dynamic,
and diverse country.
We're of all races.
We come from all places.
We practice all faiths,
and believe in all sorts of
different ideas, but
our allegiance to this
declaration, this idea,
is the creed that
binds us together.
It's what, out of
many, makes us one.
And it's been the work of
each successive generation
to keep this founding creed
safe by making sure it's
words apply to every
single American.
Folks have fought, marched,
protested, even died for
that endeavor, proving that
as Americans, our destiny is
not written for
us, but by us.
We honor those heroes today.
We honor everyone who
continually strives to make
this country a better,
stronger, more inclusive,
more hopeful place.
And we the people pledge to
make their task our own, to
secure the promise of our
founding words for our own
children, and our
children's children.
And finally, what better
weekend than this to cheer
on Team USA.
Good luck to the U.S.
Women's National Team
in the World Cup Final.
Thanks, everybody!
From my family to yours,
have a safe and happy
Fourth of July!